[Music]
she has also sent me a mermaid coloring
book which I love and I'm really pleased
with it because I love mermaids I am NOT
the most artistic person in the world
but I do enjoy coloring when I'm in the
mood I find it relaxing and that is my
mermaids coloring book the next items
that she has sent me are these two
Barbie dolls and I'm really pleased with
them the first one is one of the new
plus-sized Barbie dolls I am really
pleased with her and I'm glad that
Mattel has started making these dolls
because they are more of a realistic
portrayal of people in real life I mean
I love Barbie don't get me wrong but she
has got more of a model type figure she
has a figure like the model Caprice and
not everybody in the world looks like
that and by making these dolls it's like
mitali saying that you can be true bear
will still be beautiful because there
are lots of different types of people in
the world fat thin tall short but we are
still or beautiful in our own way so I'm
really glad that Mattel has started
making these dolls ok so this is the
first Barbie that she has sent me and
she has a chunky build she has blue and
black hair and he's wearing a pink white
and black striped top and a blue short
skirt that goes just above the knees
with black shoes and purple some grasses
and I'm going to name her Laurie after
dirt or refuse and the next oh that she
has sent me
this really beautiful Barbie doll she is
a regular Barbie doll she has a long
blond hair and he's wearing a lovely
dress the top half looks like a shirt
and it is blue with 09 on it and lovely
flower designs they look like roses to
me and the second part is like a skirt
and it is white and blue striped she's
wearing pink shoes and has a purple
handbag and I'm going to name her Carrie
after Carrie from Sex and the City and
last but not least she has sent me to my
little pony dolls and they are both my
little pony customs that she has sent me
and the first one is made out of a g3
Rainbow Dash and this is Rainbow Dash's
brother rainbow blaze he is a blue pony
with rainbow colored eyes and a
rainbow-colored mane and tail and his
cutie mark is a rainbow with a blue
lightning bolt next to it his cutie mark
is on both sides and that is rainbow
blaze the next one is made from AG for
Fluttershy and she is Fluttershy's twin
sister Roche I she is a yellow pegasus
pony with a pink mane and tail and her
cutie mark is a rose her cutie mark is
on both sides and that is rose shy and
those are ponies the dirt or reviews
have sent me okay so that's my video and
my package from dirt or reviews those
are the things that she has sent me and
before I go I would like to give a big
big big thank you to dirt all of you
for doing this trade with me and sending
me all of these wonderful things you are
a true friend and I will treasure them
and your friendship always and before I
go I would like to give some shoutouts
today my shoutouts go to dirt all
reviews and give it away now dirt or
reviews is a friend of mine on YouTube
she is one of my best friends and she is
like a sister to me she is a fellow doll
collector as she likes Care Bears my
little pony monster high and ever after
high her videos are really good so you
should definitely check her out and
subscribe to her she does collection
videos reviews episodes with her ponies
and things like that so you should
definitely check her out and subscribe
to her and that is dirt or reviews my
mech shout-out goes to give it away now
who is a gay guy on YouTube and he makes
some really good videos he does tribute
music videos two different LGBT TV shows
and movies his videos are really good
and I like them all especially his
Dante's cave and his I kissed a boy
video so you should definitely check him
out and subscribe to him and today my
shoutouts go to dirt all reviews and
give it away now I will leave a link to
these channels in the description so you
should definitely check them out and
subscribe to them you can also follow me
on facebook so i will leave the links to
my Facebook page is in the description
and you should definitely check me out
and go and subscribe to these awesome
people that's my video and my package
opening from dirt or reviews I
hope that you enjoyed the video please
pay sweet comments like and subscribe do
not dislike or personally mean comments
because that's not very nice at all and
if you can't say anything nice don't say
anything at all so goodbye have a great
day and I will see you next time I have
a pony tastic day and I will see you
next time goodbye